README.md, before:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [0176-second-highest-salary](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0176-second-highest-salary) |
| [0602-friend-requests-ii-who-has-the-most-friends](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0602-friend-requests-ii-who-has-the-most-friends) |
| [0626-exchange-seats](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0626-exchange-seats) |
| [1268-market-analysis-i](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1268-market-analysis-i) |
| [1327-last-person-to-fit-in-the-bus](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1327-last-person-to-fit-in-the-bus) |
| [1480-movie-rating](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1480-movie-rating) |
| [3530-odd-and-even-transactions](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3530-odd-and-even-transactions) |
| [3767-find-students-who-improved](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3767-find-students-who-improved) |
| [3782-find-valid-emails](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3782-find-valid-emails) |
| [3792-find-invalid-ip-addresses](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3792-find-invalid-ip-addresses) |
| [3803-find-products-with-valid-serial-numbers](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3803-find-products-with-valid-serial-numbers) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum) |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix) |
| [2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1619-path-crossing](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1619-path-crossing) |
| [1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1619-path-crossing](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1619-path-crossing) |
| [1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters) |
| [1884-minimum-changes-to-make-alternating-binary-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1884-minimum-changes-to-make-alternating-binary-string) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
| [2346-largest-3-same-digit-number-in-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2346-largest-3-same-digit-number-in-string) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0387-FIRST-UNIQUE-CHARACTER-IN-A-STRING Stats: Time: 7 ms (73.16%), Space: 14.6 MB (90.83%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

A collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interviews! - Created using [LeetHub 2.0 for Firefox](https://github.com/maitreya2954/LeetHub-2.0-Firefox)
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Database
|  |
| ------- |
| [0176-second-highest-salary](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0176-second-highest-salary) |
| [0602-friend-requests-ii-who-has-the-most-friends](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0602-friend-requests-ii-who-has-the-most-friends) |
| [0626-exchange-seats](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0626-exchange-seats) |
| [1268-market-analysis-i](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1268-market-analysis-i) |
| [1327-last-person-to-fit-in-the-bus](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1327-last-person-to-fit-in-the-bus) |
| [1480-movie-rating](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1480-movie-rating) |
| [3530-odd-and-even-transactions](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3530-odd-and-even-transactions) |
| [3767-find-students-who-improved](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3767-find-students-who-improved) |
| [3782-find-valid-emails](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3782-find-valid-emails) |
| [3792-find-invalid-ip-addresses](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3792-find-invalid-ip-addresses) |
| [3803-find-products-with-valid-serial-numbers](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3803-find-products-with-valid-serial-numbers) |
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum) |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix) |
| [2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0189-rotate-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0189-rotate-array) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0811-number-of-subarrays-with-bounded-maximum) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [0455-assign-cookies](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0455-assign-cookies) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
| [2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2042-maximum-product-difference-between-two-pairs) |
| [2756-buy-two-chocolates](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2756-buy-two-chocolates) |
| [3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/3241-divide-array-into-arrays-with-max-difference) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1619-path-crossing](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1619-path-crossing) |
| [1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0049-group-anagrams](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0049-group-anagrams) |
| [0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string) |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string) |
| [1547-destination-city](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1547-destination-city) |
| [1619-path-crossing](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1619-path-crossing) |
| [1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1746-largest-substring-between-two-equal-characters) |
| [1884-minimum-changes-to-make-alternating-binary-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1884-minimum-changes-to-make-alternating-binary-string) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
| [2346-largest-3-same-digit-number-in-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2346-largest-3-same-digit-number-in-string) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0389-find-the-difference](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0389-find-the-difference) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string) |
| [1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1112-find-words-that-can-be-formed-by-characters) |
| [2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/2025-redistribute-characters-to-make-all-strings-equal) |
## Simulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1806-count-of-matches-in-tournament) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0898-transpose-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0898-transpose-matrix) |
| [1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1704-special-positions-in-a-binary-matrix) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1574-maximum-product-of-two-elements-in-an-array) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/1537-maximum-score-after-splitting-a-string) |
## Queue
|  |
| ------- |
| [0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string](https://github.com/Prathamesh1407/LeetCode/tree/master/0387-first-unique-character-in-a-string) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
